
Creating your First App

	Inside your Django Project , You will be building Apps

	Each application you write in Django consists of a Python package that follows a certain convention.

	Django comes with a utility that automatically generates the basic directory structure of an app, so you can focus on writing code rather than creating directories.

Q - Whats the Difference between a Project and an APP
	
	app is a application which does something - eg --> Pooling App
	an app can be in multiple projects

	Project is a collection of configuration and apps for a particular website
	Project can have multiple apps

	Django supports rapid development by plug in and play infrastructure


include() 

	function allows referencing other URLconfs.
	Whenever Django encounters include(), it chops off whatever part of the URL matched up to that point and sends the remaining string to the included URLconf for further processing.

	The idea behind include() is to make it easy to plug-and-play URLs.

	You should always use include() when you include other URL patterns. 

	admin.site.urls is the only exception to this.


path()
	 passed four arguments, 
		 two required: route and view
		 two optional: kwargs, and name.

	ROUTE - route is a string that contains a URL pattern. 
			When processing a request, Django starts at the first pattern in urlpatterns and makes its way down the list, comparing the requested URL against each pattern until it finds one that matches.

    VIEW - When Django finds a matching pattern, it calls the specified view function with an HttpRequest object as the first argument and any “captured” values from the route as keyword arguments.



Q2 - 
	make sure that the database user provided in mysite/settings.py has “create database” privileges. This allows automatic creation of a test database which will be needed in a later tutorial.

	If you’re using SQLite, you don’t need to create anything beforehand - the database file will be created automatically when it is needed.



INSTALLED_APPS setting at the top of the file.
	 That holds the names of all Django applications that are activated in this Django instance. 

	 Apps can be used in multiple projects, and you can package and distribute them for use by others in their projects.


INSTALLED_APPS contains the following apps, all of which come with Django:

	django.contrib.admin – The admin site. 
	django.contrib.auth – authentication framework
	django.contrib.contenttypes – content type framework
	django.contrib.sessions – session framework
	django.contrib.messages – messaging framework.
	django.contrib.staticfiles – static file management framework

	These applications are included by default as a convenience for the common case.

	Some of these applications make use of at least one database table
	so we need to create the tables in the database before we can use them.
	migrate and make migrations


Migrate Command
	
	looks at the INSTALLED_APPS setting and creates any necessary database tables according to the database settings

	it also looks at the migrations shipped with the app

	the migrate command will only install apps in the installed apps

	so whenever you join one app to an another app, essentiall you will have to make migrations for the app to have access to the DB of this project

Models
	
	- your database layout, with additional metadata.

	- It contains the essential fields and behaviors of the data you’re storing.

	- Django Follows DRY principle ( DO not Repeat Yourself )

	- The goal is to define your data model in one place and automatically derive things from it

	- migrations are entirely derived from the models file

	- django can roll through an update the DB Schema to match the current models


each model is represented by a class that subclasses django.db.models.Model

Each model has a number of class variables, each of which represents a database row in the model

Each field is represented by an instance of a Field class

Add the app by taking the app name from the apps.py file in the application folder and add it to the project folder



























































